so here's the deal she has to swim in a
mud puddle for a bag of Cheetos that he
peed in and I'm thankful for the bubbles
are still there oh he just peed in that
water now you gotta take a bath in it
let out a Thomas sir my name is a
diamond unique Sanford I'm good like
this and brave like that Instagram that
stereo come in my brother so you know
you got the same DNA so it's okay if I
lay in his feet hold on hold on don't do
it yeah just just go enough pee and
face-first just go already I can either
die in the P P means let him go for the
P damn disintegrates oh my god
lay down
water bubbles
oh just go lay down or start at 2:30 and
I'm about to throw up just go go you
gotta roll to the underside you got a
roll
you got a roll lay down already but
y'all got your feet oh that's not her
period stop just if you want Ito's nigga
they see me rollin in my own piss this
I'm about to pee on you that's a road
you gotta get y'all in there too
I'm not even giving her any cheese so
fun yeah you ain't get no cheese